fix: allow default on select (#1327)
SBoudrias/Inquirer.js: packages/select/README.md

| message  | `string`                                                                                                   | yes      | The question to ask                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| choices  | `Array<{ value: string, name?: string, description?: string, disabled?: boolean \| string } \| Separator>` | yes      | List of the available choices. The `value` will be returned as the answer, and used as display if no `name` is defined. Choices who're `disabled` will be displayed, but not selectable. The `description` will be displayed under the prompt when the cursor land over the choice. |

> | default  | `string`                                                                                                   | no       | Selects the default value that is initially. If omitted, the first selectable item is selected.                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| default  | `string`                                                                                                   | no       | Defines in front of which item the cursor will initially appear. When omitted, the cursor will appear on the first selectable item.                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```
